Document that SSO/SCIM group naming convention allows spaces to be omitted (#4431)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/user-management.mdx

Group membership maps to LangSmith workspace membership and workspace roles with a specific naming convention. By default, the separator between components is a colon (`:`), but you can [configure a custom separator](#configure-custom-separator) for your organization.

<Note>

> Spaces in the **organization role name** portion of a group name are optional and may be omitted. This is useful for identity providers that disallow spaces in group names. For example, `OrganizationAdmins` and `OrganizationUser` are accepted equivalently to `Organization Admins` and `Organization User`. This flexibility applies **only** to the organization role name token — spaces in workspace names and workspace role names are treated as literal characters and are not equivalent to their space-omitted counterparts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can omit spaces in the **organization role name** portion of a group name. This helps with identity providers that disallow spaces in group names. For example, LangSmith accepts `OrganizationAdmins` and `OrganizationUser` as equivalents of `Organization Admins` and `Organization User`. This flexibility applies only to the organization role name token. Workspace names and workspace role names treat spaces as literal characters, so space-omitted variants do not match their spaced counterparts.
```

</Note>

**Organization Admin Groups**

Format: `<optional_prefix>Organization Admin` or `<optional_prefix>Organization Admins`

Examples:

- `LS:Organization Admins`

> - `LS:OrganizationAdmins` (spaces omitted — useful for IdPs that disallow spaces in group names)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `LS:OrganizationAdmins` (spaces omitted—useful for IdPs that disallow spaces in group names)
```
